dapp: Better `.dapprc` docs (#685)
dapphub/dapptools: src/dapp/README.md

## Configuration

The commands of `dapp` can be customized with environment variables or flags.
These variables can be set at the prompt or in a `.dapprc` file. 

> Below is a non-comprehensive list of some common configuration options (more can be found in the sourcecode):

Reviewer: Which variables are missing? Can we just add them to the list here instead of directing people to the source?

Author: > Which variables are missing? Can we just add them to the list here instead of directing people to the source?

Well there's like a *bunch* of variables that you can customize that are typically set with flags (verbosity, etc) that I'm not sure you guys want to encourage ppl using as config options? I can add if you do.

Reviewer: hmmmmm, not sure which ones you mean, but I think I'm fine having all of them here. It's probably also worth linking to the [environment variables](https://github.com/dapphub/dapptools/blob/master/src/hevm/README.md#environment-variables) section in the hevm readme (or maybe even just adding them here?).

| `DAPP_BUILD_OPTIMIZE`      | no                         | Activate Solidity optimizer                                                                                                                |
| `DAPP_BUILD_OPTIMIZE_RUNS` | 200                        | Set the optimizer runs                                                                                                                     |

A global (always loaded) config file is located in `~/.dapprc`. A local `.dapprc` can also be defined in your project's root, which overrides variables in the global config.

> Whenever you run a `dapp` command the most local `.dapprc` available will be executed as a shell script automatically. This means you must prefix your configuration options with the `export` keyword like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever you run a `dapp` command the `.dapprc` files are sourced in order (global first, then the one in the current working directory, if it exists). If you wish to set configuration variables, you must use `export` as below:
```

```sh
export DAPP_SOLC_VERSION=0.8.6
export DAPP_REMAPPINGS=$(cat remappings.txt)
export DAPP_BUILD_OPTIMIZE=1
export DAPP_BUILD_OPTIMIZE_RUNS=1000000000
export DAPP_TEST_VERBOSITY=1
```

Under the hood `.dapprc` is interpreted as a shell script, which means you can add additional scripting logic which will be run whenever you use `dapp`. For example if you wanted to fuzz for many iterations in CI and only a few locally you could add this to your `.dapprc`:

```sh
if [ "$CI" == "true" ]
then 
  export DAPP_TEST_FUZZ_RUNS=1000000 # In CI we want to fuzz for a long time.
else
  export DAPP_TEST_FUZZ_RUNS=1000 # When developing locally we only want to fuzz briefly. 
fi
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Precedence

Configuration options are read in the following order, with later reads overriding earlier ones

1. locally set environment variables
2. global .dapprc
3. local .dapprc 
4. command line flags
```

A global (always loaded) config file is located in `~/.dapprc`. A local `.dapprc` can also be defined in your project's root, which overrides variables in the global config.

> Whenever you run a `dapp` command the `.dapprc` files are sourced in order (global first, then the one in the current working directory, if it exists). If you wish to set configuration variables, you must use `export` as below:

Author: I would like to still mention that `.dapprc` is a shell script somehow, is there a concise way you would be okay with putting in? @d-xo

Author: oh nvm still mentioned below.
